# Aurial

Aurial is a browser-based HTML/JavaScript client interface for streaming music
from [Subsonic](http://subsonic.org/), [Airsonic](https://airsonic.github.io/),
[Navidrome](https://www.navidrome.org/), or other software and services
implementing the Subsonic API, and does does not require the use of a
Flash-based player or plugin.

Aurial's aim is to provide a simple, intuitive and straight-forward interface
to browse and play your music, and to be as easy to deploy as it is to
configure and use.

As such, it focusses exclusively on playback of your music library, and by
design does not support other media types, such as video, podcasts or internet
radio.


## Live Demo

- https://shrimpza.github.io/aurial/

The latest build is always deployed at the above URL, feel free to make use of
it for your own purposes, or play around with it prior to hosting your own copy.


## Download and Installation

For convenience, the latest automated build is available for download, so you
do not need to configure or set up a build environment (if you do want to build
it yourself, see the instructions below).

- [aurial.tgz](https://shrimpza.github.io/aurial/aurial.tgz)

To "install", simply extract the archive into a directory exposed via an HTTP
service (there's no need for any server-side scripting or database), and browse
to that location.

Configuration is done on the "Settings" tab of the main application interface.


## Screenshots

Note that the current look and functionality may differ from what is shown
here, as the application is still under development.

![Browsing the library](https://i.imgur.com/O8AdgCH.png)

![Playing some music](https://i.imgur.com/b0oLCp4.png)

![Playlist support](https://i.imgur.com/xih3aT7.png)


## Building

The project is built via NPM and [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/).

Install `npm` for your platform, and then execute the following in the project
root directory (alternatively, `yarn` may also be used):

```
$ npm install
$ npm run <watch|dist|start>
```

A `dist` directory will be produced containing the built output, which may be
served via an HTTP server and accessed via a web browser.

`watch` includes additional debug information, which may not be optimal for
production or general-use deployments, and produces a significantly larger
download; it recompiles code as changes are made. `dist` will produce
uglified and minified output suitable for "production" deployment. `start` will
run Aurial in Webpack's dev server on port 8080 (or next available port above
that), and allows automatic reloading of the page as code changes are made.
